This
is Marilee Nolan interviewing Frank Galvan.
Where is your mic? You don't need one. It's right
there. Very sensitive. All right, if you could
begin with your name and where you were born, your
age.
My name is Frank J. Galvan, Jr. I was born in Santa
Barbara, Chihuahua, Mexico on February the 8th,
the 11th, 1908.
And I am 65 years of age. And when did you leave
Mexico? We left Mexico sometime in the middle of
1913.
We
left Mexico from our point of origin, which was
Santa Barbara, Chihuahua, Mexico. My father had
been a government, federal employee
in the city of Santa Barbara. and at the outbreak of
the revolution he was branded as a uh
things got a little dangerous for him so he fled
from santa barbara to chihuahua incognito and
from chihuahua it is believe that he left as far
from Mexico as possible and I am under the
impression that he finally reached his
destination somewhere in Canada.
Go on.
Did you and your family go with him then? No.
He left the family all in the city of the town of
Santa Barbara, Chihuahua. And we had a home, a
two-story home. And while he was away for some, it
looked to me like it was years, We were penniless,
poverty-stricken, and had to
exist by converting the upper story of the house
into a rooming house. There was a yard in the center
of the house and a second yard to the rear that used
to be called two patios. One for the servants and
the other ones for the members of the household.
Anyway, we managed to exist during the revolution
by selling hierba buena. We used to, there was a
farm nearby